README.md, before:

# SProute

SPRoute: A parallel global router using the Galois framework
SPRoute exploits nested parallelism by a novel hybrid algorithm for parallelization. It combines net-level parallelism in which each thread works on a net, and a fine-grain parallelism which route individual nets in parallel. In fine-grain parallelism, parallelization is through exloration of multiple path. 

This is a Lef/Def based version.

Cloning SPRoute
====================
You can checkout the latest Lef/Def SPRoute by

```Shell
git clone https://github.com/asyncvlsi/SPRoute.git
```

Dependencies
====================

Dependencies of Galois

Checkout the lastest Galois: 
```Shell
https://github.com/IntelligentSoftwareSystems/Galois.git
```

A modern C++ compiler compliant with the C++-14 standard (GCC >= 6.1, Intel >= 17.0, LLVM >= 4.0)

CMake (>= 3.2.3)

Boost library ( >= 1.58.0, we recommend building/installing the full library) 

Lef/Def Parser v5.8

The FLUTE file: POST9.dat POWV9.dat

Compile
====================

```Shell
cd [Galois_Home]/lonestar/experimental/
mkdir lefdef_SPRoute
cp [SPRoute files] to lefdef_SPRoute
```
add a line to the [Galois_Home]/lonestar/experimental/CMakeList.txt: 
```Shell
add_subdirectory(lefdef_SPRoute)
```
change the 5 dependency paths of CMakeList.txt in lefdef_SPRoute

build the whole Galois by
```Shell
cd [Galois_Home]
mkdir build
cd build
cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DUSE_EXP=true
cd lonestar/experimental/lefdef_SPRoute
make
```

Usage
===================

```Shell
./lefdef_SPRoute -lef [LefFile] -def [DefFile] -t [nthreads] -output [Output file]
```

Commit message:

add instruction to download FLUTE

README.md, after:

# SProute

SPRoute: A parallel global router using the Galois framework
SPRoute exploits nested parallelism by a novel hybrid algorithm for parallelization. It combines net-level parallelism in which each thread works on a net, and a fine-grain parallelism which route individual nets in parallel. In fine-grain parallelism, parallelization is through exloration of multiple path. 

This is a Lef/Def based version.

Cloning SPRoute
====================
You can checkout the latest Lef/Def SPRoute by

```Shell
git clone https://github.com/asyncvlsi/SPRoute.git
```

Dependencies
====================

Dependencies of Galois

Checkout the lastest Galois: 
```Shell
https://github.com/IntelligentSoftwareSystems/Galois.git
```

A modern C++ compiler compliant with the C++-14 standard (GCC >= 6.1, Intel >= 17.0, LLVM >= 4.0)

CMake (>= 3.2.3)

Boost library ( >= 1.58.0, we recommend building/installing the full library) 

Lef/Def Parser v5.8

The FLUTE files: POST9.dat POWV9.dat (download flute-3.1.tgz from http://home.eng.iastate.edu/~cnchu/flute.html and copy POST9.dat & POWV9.dat to work directory) 

Compile
====================

```Shell
cd [Galois_Home]/lonestar/experimental/
mkdir lefdef_SPRoute
cp [SPRoute files] to lefdef_SPRoute
```
add a line to the [Galois_Home]/lonestar/experimental/CMakeList.txt: 
```Shell
add_subdirectory(lefdef_SPRoute)
```
change the 5 dependency paths of CMakeList.txt in lefdef_SPRoute

build the whole Galois by
```Shell
cd [Galois_Home]
mkdir build
cd build
cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DUSE_EXP=true
cd lonestar/experimental/lefdef_SPRoute
make
```

Usage
===================

```Shell
./lefdef_SPRoute -lef [LefFile] -def [DefFile] -t [nthreads] -output [Output file]
```
